Documentation user table admin (#1539)
kartoza/sawps: docs/src/administrator/manual/django-table.md

## Activities Table

![Django Admin Table](./img/django-table-1.png)

> 1. **Add button**: Clicking on this button will allow user to add a new record in the table. Clicking on [add](django-add-data.md) will navigate you to add data record documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Add button**: Clicking on this button will allow administrators to add a new record in the table. Click [here](django-add-data.md) to navigate to add data record documentation.
```

2. **Search**: Search feature to search specific record of the table.

3. **Toggle select records**: Checkbox to select/deselect records.

> 4. **Action**: Users can choose the action from this dropdown and perform it on a selected object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Action**: Administrators can choose the action from this dropdown and perform it on a selected object.
```

> 5. **Go**: Clicking on this button will allow users to perform the selected option on the selected object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Go**: Clicking on this button will allow administrators to perform the selected option on the selected object.
```

> 6. **Objects**: Available objects containing records. Users can see the details of the object by clicking on the link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Objects**: Available objects containing records. Administrators can see the details of the object by clicking on the link.
```

## Group Table

![Group Table](./img/django-table-2.png)

This table is used to store existing user groups, that will affect available options in the [Report](../../user/manual/explore/reports.md).
Administrators can assign a user to groups in the User Table.

> 1. **Toggle sorting**: Clicking on this icon will allow users to toggle data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Toggle sorting**: Clicking on this icon will allow administrators to toggle the display order.
```

> 2. **Add Group**: Clicking on the `ADD GROUP` button will allow users to add a new group. Click on [add group](django-add-data.md) to see detailed documentation about adding a new group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Add Group**: Clicking on the `ADD GROUP` button will allow administrators to add a new group. Click [here](django-add-data.md) to see detailed documentation about adding a new group.
```

> 3. **Edit Record**: Clicking on the object will allow users to change/edit the particular record. Click on [change group](django-change-data.md) to see detailed documentation about editing a group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Edit Record**: Clicking on the object will allow administrators to change/edit the particular record. Click [here](django-change-data.md) to see detailed documentation about editing a group.
```

## User Table

![User Table](./img/django-table-4.png)

> User table within the Django Admin interface allows administrator to manage user-related tasks efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User table within the Django Admin interface that allows administrators to manage user-related tasks efficiently.
```

> 1. **Add User**: Clicking on `ADD USER` button allows administrator to add a new user. Click on [add user](django-add-data.md) to see detailed documentation on adding a new user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Add User**: Clicking on `ADD USER` button allows administrators to add a new user. Click [here](django-add-data.md) to see detailed documentation on adding a new user.
```

2. **Filter**: Available filters to filter the records of the user table.

    - ![Filters](./img/django-table-5.png)

>     1. **Clear All Filters**: Clicking on `clear all filters` allows administrator to clear all the filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. **Clear All Filters**: Clicking on `clear all filters` allows administrators to clear all the filters.
```

    2. **Filter Field**: The names of the filter field and attributes for filtering the records.

> 3. **Search Functionality**: The administrator can search the records usign the search functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Search Functionality**: The administrator can search the records using the search functionality.
```

4. **User Table**: The users table with records.

> 5. **Edit User**: Clicking on the object allows the administrator to change or edit the particular record. Click on [change user](django-change-data.md) to see detailed documentation on editing a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Edit User**: Clicking on the object allows the administrator to change or edit the particular record. Click [here](django-change-data.md) to see detailed documentation on editing a user.
```
